REST API Versioning for Dummies (#75)
alexandre-touret/alexandre-touret.github.io: content/talks.en.md

---
id: 601
title: Talks
date: 2022-07-02T09:41:07+01:00
permalink: /en/talks/

featuredImagePreview: /assets/images/2019/08/kelly-sikkema-c3rk5toz0qa-unsplash.jpg
featuredImage: /assets/images/2019/08/kelly-sikkema-c3rk5toz0qa-unsplash.jpg

---

{{< figure src="/assets/images/2021/11/pexels-skitterphoto-691485.webp" title="Talks" >}}

> You could find below slides and videos of my latest talks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find below slides and videos of my latest talks.
```

> You could also get [my slides on SpeakerDeck](https://speakerdeck.com/alexandretouret) and videos on this [Youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKfR5AVD_AM&list=PL_s9loQqLrqrKakCB6LbOoxn2PrwCntQt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally you can also get [my slides on SpeakerDeck](https://speakerdeck.com/alexandretouret) and videos on this [Youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKfR5AVD_AM&list=PL_s9loQqLrqrKakCB6LbOoxn2PrwCntQt).
```
